Update 'Configure firmware' step (#479)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/GettingStarted/FirmwareConfiguration.rst

To configure the :ref:`firmware <firmware-aws-index>`, complete the following mandatory steps:

> 1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` into ``~/nrf-asset-tracker`` folder to be used in the future for your configuration overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` into the ``~/nrf-asset-tracker`` folder to be used in the future for your configuration overrides.
```

> 1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` into ``~/nrf-asset-tracker`` folder to be used in the future for your configuration overrides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` into the :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker` folder for later use as your configuration overrides.
```

To configure the :ref:`firmware <firmware-aws-index>`, complete the following mandatory steps:

> 1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` in the ``~/nrf-asset-tracker`` folder for your configuration overrides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the file :file:`firmware.conf` in the :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker` folder for your configuration overrides.
```
